Dagger container-use MCP (#3932)
block/goose: documentation/docs/mcp/container-use-mcp.md

---

> title: Container-Use MCP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Container Use
```

        />
    </TabItem>
      <TabItem value="cli" label="Goose CLI">
          <CLIExtensionInstructions
            name="Container Use"
            command="npx -y mcp-remote https://container-use.com/mcp"
            timeout={300}
          />
      </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="local-mcp" label="Local MCP">

    <Tabs groupId="interface">
      <TabItem value="ui" label="Goose Desktop" default>
        <GooseDesktopInstaller
            extensionId="container-use"
            extensionName="Container Use"
            extensionDescription="Run container automation with container-use"
            command="container-use"
            args={["stdio"]}
            cliCommand="container-use stdio"
            timeout={300}
            note="Requires Docker installed; see [container-use.com/quickstart](https://container-use.com/quickstart)."
        />
    </TabItem>
      <TabItem value="cli" label="Goose CLI">
          <CLIExtensionInstructions
            name="Container Use"
            command="container-use stdio"
            timeout={300}
          />
      </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Example Usage

> Here's a simple example of how to use Container Use to update a file-based to-do app to use a SQLite database plus full testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a simple example of updating a file-based to-do app to use a SQLite database plus full testing - all within an isolated container environment.
```
